♪
[KURAGE]
I am Kurage Aoba.
I'm almost in high school.
I am a sophisticated
adult woman.
Still, I don't intend
to stop growing any time soon.
[NYAGOSUKE purrs]
Uh!
Nyagosuke, see that book?
It's called a diary
and it's proof that
I'm an adult.
[NYAGOSUKE purrs]
In order to grow as a person,
the first step is to practice
genuine self-reflection.
That's what Kiki says.
[NYAGOSUKE purrs]
[KURAGE] When I think about
what's been going on lately,
the biggest development
has been Akagami
coming to live with us.
Goodness. I feel so dizzy.
[pants]
[AKEMITSU]
Are you all right?
[KURAGE] He was
a perfect gentleman that day.
Hmm! Without a doubt,
he recognized me as a grown
woman and treated me as such.
I'm truly an adult.
[NYAGOSUKE purrs]
♪
Uh! Excellent.
And now I can reach
even greater heights.
♪
[NYAGOSUKE meows]
Who is Akagami?
He's certainly unusual,
for one thing.
And our family's been changing
little by little
ever since he arrived.
But I definitely feel like
we're changing for the better,
at least.
Um! And as long as he's around,
I'll always have something
to write about in my diary.
[AKEMITSU]
Kurage! Dinner is ready!
Ah! Um!
Coming.
[NYAGOSUKE meowing]
Uh-oh! That bath felt amazing.
Uh.
[pants]
[YUZUKI] The girls-only
meeting may now begin.
[TSUKUYO] Ha! What's
going on here, exactly?
[YUZUKI] So, whenever
I emerge from the bath,
the first thing I do is step
onto the scale.
That's how I learned
that our scale is cursed.
[BOTH]
Aah!
[YUZUKI]
Yes.
A most wicked curse
that causes the value displayed
to be far higher than
anticipated.
[TSUKUYO]
You sure you didn't just gain...
[YUZUKI]
And the strangest part of all
is that this curse seems
to have coincided
with Akagami's arrival here.
♪
[KURAGE]
So, good!
-[YUZUKI] More, please!
-[TSUKUYO] Me, too!
[YUZUKI] I'm sure some
of you have experienced
the effects of the curse
as well.
[TSUKUYO]
Aah!
[KURAGE]
Uh!
[TSUKUYO]
Yeah, there's a curse. For sure.
[KURAGE]
Definitely.
[NYAGOSUKE meowing]
[BOTH]
Hm!
I'm glad we understand
each other.
Now then, any thoughts
on how we might
lift the foul curse?
-[MIA] Oh!
-Yes, go ahead, Mia.
Why don't we throw
the cursed scale away
and buy a brand new one?
Mia, we're trying to have
a serious conversation, here.
This is no time for jokes.
Huh? Oh, I'm sorry.
Kagura!
[KAGURA]
Aw, there, there.
All right,
back to losing weight.
I mean, losing this
extremely frightening curse.
-[MIA] Oh!
-Yes again, Mia.
What if we limit
our carb intake?
If we stick to a diet of meat
and vegetables,
I bet the pounds-
Or rather,
the curse will melt away!
It's too expensive.
Uh!
We can't afford that much meat.
And vegetable prices are up
there lately, too.
♪
Once again, I'm sorry.
-Oh, hey.
[YUZUKI] Yes, Tsukuyo?
How about exercise?
In the end, there's no
getting around it, is there?
I mean, I wouldn't
mind trying Pilates.
Aw! Okay, you win.
But it's super hard to start
exercising alone,
so I feel we'll all have
to work together.
Right, then. We'll start bright
and early tomorrow morning.
[ALL]
Yeah!
[crowing]
[TSUKUYO]
Uh! Man. This is pretty tough.
[grunts]
[YUZUKI]
Yeah,
but that's what makes it an
effective inner muscle workout.
[MIA]
Penance. By Pilates!
So, this is how adults exercise.
Whoa.
[panting, giggling]
Uh! Time for me
to chop some firewood.
I gotta go get
ready for practice. Huh!
I'll do the laundry.
Oh, I'll help you.
Come to think of it,
I feel like we were pretty
active already.
You know what I mean?
-Absolutely.
-Good point.
[NYAGOSUKE meowing]
Kagura, why didn't
you work out with us?
Oh, I don't really have to.
I can't ever seem
to put on weight.
-Lucky you.
-That's not fair!
[NYAGOSUKE meowing]
[YUZUKI] At this point, I see
only one option left to us.
[ALL whimpers]
I of course mean dieting.
[KURAGE]
No.
[KAGURA]
Wow!
[MIA]
Uh!
[sighs]
[TSUKUYO]
Whoa, hang on a minute!
Look, I'm sorry,
but there's no other way.
If that's really the case,
won't Akagami need to be
included in the conversation?
Indeed he will.
Here at our temple,
the rule is to eat everything
that you're served.
So we want to eat less,
then we'll need
to have Akagami prepare
a smaller portion
of food for every meal.
No, you're missing the point!
We can't have Akagami finding
out we're all dieting.
I mean, it's so embarrassing,
you know?
You're so adorable.
Uh!
Such sweet innocence.
What a subtle
flirt you are, Tsukuyo.
[meowing]
I'm a what?
Hey, here's a thought.
Maybe you should marry him!
[laughs]
No way!
Kagura, what
are you talking about?
I think it's an excellent idea.
[purring]
You, too?
[KURAGE] Now that Akagami's
been here with us for a while,
I think of him
as part of the family.
I'd really like it if
he could stay here forever.
Kurage.
[KURAGE] And I was just thinking
that if you and he got married,
that might actually be possible.
I see. You care
for Akagami that much.
I guess if I'm being
completely honest,
it's not so much him
as his cooking.
If I have to give up a sister
to keep those meals coming,
that's a sacrifice
I'm willing to make.
[purring]
[BOTH] How on earth
can you say such a thing?
Do you have the slightest idea
how it makes me feel to hear
you talking like family
and food are on the same level?
Are you afraid
that I'll eat you, or...
Aah! Those nutrients
aren't getting to your brain!
Anyway. Yuzuki's engaged,
making her all but useless,
so it's up to you, Tsukuyo.
Will you marry Akagami, please?
Aren't you treating marriage
a little too lightly here?
Hey. Why don't you marry him?
It was your idea,
so there's no problem, is there?
You get it now?
Uh! Yes.
Off I go to seduce Akagami.
-You stop right there!
[purring]
[YUZUKI]
I just realized something.
Akagami's cooking tends
to be mostly vegetarian
and low-calorie fare.
Maybe what we're experiencing is
nothing more than growth spurts!
Of course! Growth spurts!
[MIA] Growth spurts,
that's the ticket!
[KURAGE]
Yeah, okay.
So, there's nothing to worry
about!
We're all exactly
where we should be!
And I'm sure at some point
in the future,
our weight will
go back to normal.
[AKEMITSU]
Hope everybody's hungry,
'cause today, I tried
making Japanese sweets.
Please help yourselves.
Uh!
Akagami. This time
you've gone way too far!
No. What have you done to us?
-Marry me.
-[drooling]
That's funny.
[ALL]
Uh! They're so yummy!
[KURAGE]
Dear Diary.
Once again, Akagami made
some delicious food today. Yum!
[purring]
♪
It would really make me happy
if Akagami stayed here forever.
I wonder if he'd mind
being patient
until I've grown a bit more.
[thuds]
[gasps]
[YUZUKI]
Akagami?
Argh! Oh, Yuzuki.
How can I help you?
Well, uh. I was wondering if
you might be able to start
adding pickled radishes
to all our meals.
Uh. Yeah, no problem.
[gasps] Thanks a lot, Akagami.
I really appreciate it.
[AKEMITSU]
But why pickled radishes?
[AKEMITSU] An axe?
Why is she carrying an axe?
Wait. Hold on.
Is she gonna execute me?
No way. That's ridiculous.
Yuzuki would never even... uh!
[thuds]
Uh! Listen to that.
It's just as I thought.
She's honing her skills
for when she chops my head off!
[laughs]
[YUZUKI]
Come here, Akagami!
Eh! I- I have to find a way
to get on her good side
and quickly!
♪
Oh, boy.
What an extravagant breakfast.
[purrs]
It looks delicious.
-Mmm-hmm!
-Haa!
Oh, come on.
This is nothing special, really.
[AKEMITSU]
All of Yuzuki's favorite foods
are present and accounted for.
This should put her in
a more pleasant disposition.
Uh! No reaction?
-[body thuds]
-Aah!
Akagami, what's wrong?
[AKEMITSU]
Wait! That's right!
The pickled radishes
she requested.
I made sure they
were top-quality and everything!
[whimpers]
-Argh!
-Uh!
I'm done for. My life is over.
Akagami! Akagami!
Hm! I wonder if she'll tell me
when my execution date will be.
Oh, please. Give me
one more chance before then.
Uh! Yuzuki?
What is it this time?
-Yuzuki.
-[sobs]
Hm!
Aah!
I can't take it!
This is torture!
Huh?
It's you.
Thank goodness. Akagami.
Help me. Please,
hold out your hand.
Sure. But first,
about my execution.
Uh! I'm not sure what you mean.
Come on. I need help.
Really. You're calling it
quits already?
-[screams]
-[KIKI] Bad girl.
[screams]
[YUZUKI]
No, don't, Kiki!
I'm begging you,
have mercy on me!
[KIKI]
And while we're at it, this.
And that, for good measure.
And this! And this!
-And this! And that!
-This is kind of hot.
[screams]
You don't say.
So, you were training?
More like practicing
for her training
so she could get used to it.
-Got it.
-They call it "teizu."
[KIKI] The first test
one must undergo
in order to begin training...
It's supposed to last two days,
and yet you only made
it two hours.
I know.
Uh!
Was the axe part
of her training, too?
[KIKI] That was to practice
chopping firewood,
one of a trainee's daily chores.
Oh. I thought she was gonna
use it to chop my head off.
What? Why would I?
The rules of training
are strict.
For instance,
when you're eating your meals?
Get this.
You're not permitted to say
a word. Never.
Even if you happen to be eating
pickled radishes.
That was part
of her training, too?
[KIKI] Still, her biggest
obstacle is her clumsiness.
She needs to practice so
she can become head priest
as soon as possible.
-Well, said.
-You agree?
[KIKI]
So, that's the situation.
I'm terribly sorry to impose,
but I'd appreciate your help.
It's my pleasure.
[AKEMITSU]
That Yuzuki. So dedicated.
Much as I'd like to pursue
my own enlightenment,
for now I'll devote all my
energy to supporting her.
[KIKI]
One other thing.
Tell me. Would
you like to train alongside her?
-Uh!
Whoa, can I really?
I mean, not like I had
any choice but to ask you.
You looked like you were about
to attack Yuzuki if I didn't.
Is that really
what I looked like?
I'm so sorry!
Listen. Really.
It's okay if I can't.
I know I've got a debt to pay.
Don't be silly.
I've seen how hard you've been
working at this temple.
You've more than earned it.
Rest assured,
all the time you've spent here
hasn't gone to waste.
A training partner.
That sounds encouraging.
-I gratefully accept.
-Good.
Yuzuki, I look forward
to training with you.
Let's do our best, Akagami.
-[BOTH laugh]
-Yes! You said it!
[laughs]
-Sorry to interrupt!
-[AKEMITSU] Mia?
If I may, I'd like
to join the training as well!
Go, go.
You'll train with us too, Mia?
-Now that's encouraging!
-It is?
Of course!
We'd love to have you!
Oh, good! I'm glad!
Thank you for training me.
I promise to work hard!
[KIKI]
Yeah, great.
Aah!
[AKEMITSU] There's nothing
we can't face if we're together!
[BOTH laugh]
[TSUKUYO]
Hey, I'm home.
This is a surprise.
You're training with Yuzu?
Then you two will
be studying under Kiki?
-That's right!
-Apparently, that's the case!
I see. And that means...
[sips]
...you'll undergo tokudo.
Hope you two are ready.
-Tokudo?
[KIKI]
Oh, yeah.
I guess it slipped
my mind somehow.
-Master.
There are many steps on the path
to priesthood.
To enter the training ground,
one must first undergo "tokudo."
There's a lot to it.
Like reading sutras
and assorted other texts
and performing
all kinds of rituals.
Yeah. Basically, it's how
one would become a priest.
[ALL]
Oh, okay.
Hmm! So to be clear, does
that mean I'm not a priest yet?
Uh!
Mmm-mmm!
You're just some
guy who lives at a temple.
I see. Just some guy. Really.
[ALL giggle]
-[screams]
-What's the matter, Akagami?
[AKEMITSU] The only reason
I've remained sane despite
being surrounded by women
was because I sincerely believed
I had become a priest.
Absolutely that
is when I am dreaming about.
-[giggles]
-Yes! Yes! Yes!
Now that I've been disabused of
that notion, my desires...
-My desires!
-Calm down, Akagami!
Yes, you must try to calm down.
[MIA] Somehow I don't think
you're helping matters!
[KIKI] I'm teaching him
to resist his desires.
I'm perfectly
capable of handling that!
Uh! No. I, uh-
So, does this mean my path
to enlightenment
was an illusion all along?
[YUZUKI]
No, it wasn't.
[gasps]
You desire enlightenment.
That in itself is an important
part of the path.
The second key to enlightenment.
So take heart. You've got this.
[AKEMITSU]
Yuzuki.
[YUZUKI] Kiki! I completed
six hours of teizu.
Oh? Really?
[YUZUKI] Hmm!
It wasn't so hard after-
Take that. And this. And that.
And this and this.
And that. And that. And this.
-Please stop.
[groans]
You've got a ways to go.
Come, now.
Time to go chop some firewood.
Uh! Oh! Thank you
for your guidance, master!
She's so amazing.
Man, I can't keep up.
You think so, huh?
[yells]
[KIKI] Yuzuki hasn't
undergone tokudo yet, either.
[BOTH]
Uh!
Are you surprised?
She may have spent more time
here at the temple,
but you and she are
effectively at the same level.
So, if there's something
about her
that gives you the impression
she's that far ahead of you,
it's probably just her mindset.
Hm!
You see, students usually spend
a year training for tokudo.
She's trying to do it
in half that time
while simultaneously
attending school.
To become head priest
just as quickly as possible.
[sighs]
[AKEMITSU] All for
the sake of making sure
Mikazuki Temple stays open.
Uh!
I need to step it up, as well!
-Yuzuki!
-Hmm!
♪
Huh?
Would you please
allow me to join you?
Finally!
Yuzuki. Uh!
You said
that we'd face this together.
[sobs]
Come on!
Look, I'd never cut you out.
We were hoping
that you'd join us. Right?
Now, let's become masters
at chopping firewood
so we can undergo tokudo!
[ALL]
Yeah!
[ALL laugh]
Chopping firewood really has
nothing to do it. But whatever.
Excuse me. Kiki,
Yuzuki, we have a visitor.
Sorry to intrude.
-Gah.
-Hoan, it's you!
-Huh?
-Aw?
-[KURAGE] Interesting.
-[TSUKUYO] Interesting.
So, that guy is Yuzu's fiancé.
But what's he doing here?
I have no idea.
Huh? He's not here
to get down and dirty with her?
[purring]
Kurage!
I mean, they're
engaged, aren't they?
It's only natural.
[KAGURA]
My, my.
Yuzu wouldn't do anything
like that. Right, Akagami?
[AKEMITSU] Is he taking
advantage of his
and Yuzuki's engagement
to do things with her?
You mean it's true?
[KAGURA] Think of it
as kind of a training
mostly for the lower body.
How intriguing!
How very intriguing!
I'm getting kind of worried
about this.
Maybe I should keep an eye
on them till they're done.
You're all enjoying
this way too much.
Ah, you must be Yuzuki's family.
[screams]
[HOAN] My apologies for dropping
in unannounced.
I had to see the temple
and family Yuzuki
was so proud of.
[TSUKUYO]
Oh, yeah. Sure.
[HOAN] That said, I have some
business here, as well.
Akagami, wasn't it?
Do you have a moment?
Uh, sure.
Oh, dear me.
It's even worse than I imagined.
I'm so sorry.
Hm! If you don't like
it here, then just leave.
Huh? Kiki, when did
you change your clothes?
[AKEMITSU]
Exactly why am I here right now?
Still the same old Kiki.
Now, Yuzuki. I understand
you still aren't a priest yet.
Correct.
Wanna make something of it?
Huh, big shot?
[YUZUKI] Kiki, what on earth
has gotten into you?
Hm! Now, get a load of this!
It just so happens
that I'm her master now.
You come back here in six months
and this one will be
the baddest priest you ever saw!
Uh. Hey, Kiki?
That's going to be too late.
-Uh!
She'll need to finish
within three months' time.
You've gotta be kidding me.
You know full well
how strict our tokudo is.
[HOAN]
Too much of a challenge?
If that's the case,
then the engagement is off.
[ALL gasp]
♪
Hey, Tsukuyo,
what's your favorite color?
I guess it's pink.
Light blue's good, too.
And then there's red,
the color of passion.
How bold of you.
And what's today's color?
Hold on,
what are we talking about?